Dotnet8 metrics in otel format (#1)
lmolkova/semantic-conventions: docs/database/database-spans.md

| [`network.transport`](../general/attributes.md) | string | [OSI Transport Layer](https://osi-model.com/transport-layer/) or [Inter-process Communication method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inter-process_communication). The value SHOULD be normalized to lowercase. | `tcp`; `udp` | Recommended |
| [`network.type`](../general/attributes.md) | string | [OSI Network Layer](https://osi-model.com/network-layer/) or non-OSI equivalent. The value SHOULD be normalized to lowercase. | `ipv4`; `ipv6` | Recommended |
| [`server.address`](../general/attributes.md) | string | Name of the database host. [1] | `example.com` | Conditionally Required: See alternative attributes below. |
| [`server.port`](../general/attributes.md) | int | Server port number [2] | `80`; `8080`; `443` | Conditionally Required: [3] |
| [`server.socket.address`](../general/attributes.md) | string | Server address of the socket connection - IP address or Unix domain socket name. [4] | `10.5.3.2` | See below |
| [`server.socket.port`](../general/attributes.md) | int | Server port number of the socket connection. [5] | `16456` | Recommended: If different than `server.port`. |

> **[1]:** When observed from the client side, and when communicating through an intermediary, `server.address` SHOULD represent
> the server address behind any intermediaries (e.g. proxies) if it's available.
> 
> **[2]:** When observed from the client side, and when communicating through an intermediary, `server.port` SHOULD represent the server port behind any intermediaries (e.g. proxies) if it's available.
> 
> **[3]:** If using a port other than the default port for this DBMS and if `server.address` is set.
> 
> **[4]:** When observed from the client side, this SHOULD represent the immediate server peer address.
> When observed from the server side, this SHOULD represent the physical server address.
> 
> **[5]:** When observed from the client side, this SHOULD represent the immediate server peer port.
> When observed from the server side, this SHOULD represent the physical server port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[1]:** When observed from the client side, and when communicating through an intermediary, `server.address` represents
the server address behind any intermediaries (e.g. proxies) if it's available.

**[2]:** When observed from the client side, and when communicating through an intermediary, `server.port` represents the server port behind any intermediaries (e.g. proxies) if it's available.

**[3]:** If using a port other than the default port for this DBMS and if `server.address` is set.

**[4]:** When observed from the client side, this represents the immediate server peer address.
When observed from the server side, this represents the physical server address.

**[5]:** When observed from the client side, this represents the immediate server peer port.
When observed from the server side, this represents the physical server port.
```
